---
layout: post
title: "30 and 1 thing"
date: 2025-06-03
categories: rants
---

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.


31. Let love lead
2.nobody is coming to save you
3. if it will be it is up to you
4. better to ask for forgiveness than seek permission
1. Invest in your looks
5. Fuck passion, unless it pays your bills
6. If you must always eat with clean hands, else be aware of the consequences. There are always consequences
7. Have a mentor
8. Feed what feeds, starve what starve's you, it is how anything grows, it has how anything dies
9. No one owes you shit, I mean NO ONE, it's all privilege, see it that way and be grateful
10. it is better to apologies than to seek permission (Python documentation)
11. Always show gratitude, to those show you love and to those who mock, it is a teachable experiece for you
12. Never give anyone the impression that you can be reasoned with when they've crossed the line
13. Be capable of desctruction, I didn't say be destructive
14. You're right if you think the world is against you, you're right if you think the world is for you
15. Live life on principles not emotions
16. When asking for help be very clear on your needs
17. Never say more than expected, execpt you're paid for it
18. Don't let people show it to you twice that they don't value you